What are you doing here?
Marry me.
I'll marry you.
Ms. Kang?
Do you know her?
What?
Yes.
She works in the kitchen
at our restaurant.
Why are you here at this hour?
She works here?
Yes.
Introduce yourself.
He is the director of Restaurant Services
from the head office.
Pardon?
What did you just say?
-What did you hear--
-Never mind.
I don't know what I said.
I didn't say anything.
I didn't hear anything.
I'll see you tomorrow.
What...
Let's go home.
No way.
The car accident con artist was her?
The one who fainted
without even getting hit?
-No way.
-Who hired her?
Did you run a proper background check?
Of course, I did.
We got referrals and she has
a lot of experience as a cook.
My goodness.
She looks naive and innocent too.
Who doesn't look that way to you?
Run a thorough background check.
Check if she has a criminal record too.
I doubt that.
First, make sure she keeps her mouth shut
and doesn't tell anyone what she heard.
Well then,
why did you say something like that?
I know you're desperate,
but it's unreasonable to fabricate
a daughter-in-law
in order to give your mother a transplant.
Nothing is unreasonable
when it comes to saving a life.
We don't have time.
Contact the local brokers first.
There must be some experts.
Goodness, Ms. Kang.
Why are you home so late?
Two really big men were waiting
all day long
and they just left.
-They left?
-Who are they?
Are they loan sharks?
-Good night.
-Okay.
My goodness.
So what are you saying?
So...
You'll get a fake wife
to give your mom a liver transplant?
How much will it take?
One hundred million won?
Two hundred million won?
One hundred million won.
One hundred million won...
I must have lost my mind.
Even if I am in desperate need
for money...
I shouldn't. Right, Eun-seong?
My goodness.
What happened?
I don't know what happened either.
I stepped out for a minute
and she was gone.
-Is the chairman in?
-You can't--
I'll be quick.
I have something to tell him.
Ma'am!
He's in the study.
It's been a while.
How did you get in?
I wanted to see you just once,
but I had no way of reaching you.
You ignore all my calls
and you can't leave home,
so I had to come here myself.
What's wrong?
Aren't you happy to see me?
Get out of my house.
This outfit...
You bought me this outfit 30 years ago.
Don't you remember?
You sent me the hat with the outfit.
I lost some weight recently,
so it fits perfectly now.
I know my face is all wrinkly,
but what do you think?
Not bad, right?
Are you out of your mind?
How dare you come here?
It was your birthday.
I came to drop off your gift.
Why are you suddenly doing this?
What more do you want?
I don't want anything.
I came to say
my final goodbye.
Another final goodbye?
Aren't you sick of that already?
You're right.
I've done that so many times already,
you must be sick and tired of it.
However,
this time,
it really will be the last time.
I wonder...
what I meant to you.
How much did you care about me?
I came to ask that.
I really want to hear the answer.
Please tell me.
Seong-guk.
I want to know.
How important...
was I to you?
When you come to someone's home,
you should ask for permission first.
Get out.
The chairman needs to receive
his physical therapy.
I'll leave even if you tell me not to.
You dropped my hat.
This is his birthday present.
I made some pickled abalone.
He used to ask for it
whenever he didn't have an appetite.
You see,
I'm actually quite a good cook.
I said to get out!
Get out!
Get out.
Do you still hate me that much?
Do you still like that old man that much?
He never cared for you
and cheated all the time.
Don't you hate him?
I guess
you really have a big heart.
Get out.
Get out of my house now!
I'm glad you're here.
Take her out of here.
Let's go, Mom.
Forget it. Don't treat me like a criminal.
I'll walk out on my own.
Take this too.
As if we don't already know
you're from a hick town.
We don't eat things like this.
Let's go.
Let's go!
What did I do wrong?
Tell me.
What did I do?
Your husband is the one who did wrong.
What did I do wrong?
Tell him to give me my life back.
Give me my life back!
My life...
What did I do wrong?
Give it back!
Let me sit for a minute.
It's chilly out.
Don't sit there. Go in.
I'm sick of hospitals.
Who said you could leave the hospital?
Do you want to die on the streets?
I'm going to die anyway.
What does it matter where I die?
Let's go in.
Don't do this again.
Yesterday,
the cirrhosis patient next door...
died and was taken out.
I should settle my affairs too.
I went to see
your father one last time.
Ji-hun.
A long time ago,
when I sent you to that house...
Why are you bringing that up?
I...
To be honest, it was too hard for me.
I sent you there
because I thought I couldn't raise you.
When your dad said
he'd take you with him,
I agreed willingly
and was grateful.
I could barely take care of myself
and was going crazy as it was.
I'm sorry.
You were
such a good son.
You were kind
and such a good son.
Even that
kindness and...
goodness was
too much for me.
Your mom...
is that big of a loser.
To think I was begging you to save me...
I have no shame.
I know that too.
But...
Please...
Please don't hate me too much.
I'm still your mom.
So please...
remember me once in a while.
You're making me cringe.
Are you writing your will already?
Yes.
It's my will.
My pathetic will.
You can get surgery.
It will be your turn to get a donor soon.
I know it takes
over a 100 years to get a transplant.
Don't try so hard to console me.
We are expecting
many foreign customers today,
so please take extra care of
the wine setting.
Chef!
Are you ready?
Let's have a good day's work.
Let's do this!
-Let's do this!
Kang Hye-su?
-Let's cheer...
-Okay.
Let's get to work.
Kitchen crew. Come in.
Step it up!
About that woman from last night...
The new assistant chef.
Who?
Kang Hye-su?
Do a background check on her.
Something is off about her.
What do you mean?
I'm telling you, she's not like that.
Just do it! I just don't like her!
Fine.
It's not even a big deal...
Hey.
What about the broker?
Did you meet him?
Here's a list of candidates.
You're getting me nervous.
Must we go this far?
Start cooking the Gorgonzola pizza.
-Yes, Chef!
-Hye-su, where's the salad?
It's all done.
Did you make the citron sauce?
Yes.
It's perfect.
Thank you.
We finally have someone talented.
The manager is a horrible judge of people.
He just acts busy.
Were you just badmouthing me?
Yes, I was.
That guy...
You may not know just by looking at him,
but he's a friend of the director.
That's how he got the job.
His face has "incompetent"
written all over it. Look.
Hye-su.
-Yes?
-May I have a word with you?
Pardon?
Well...
The thing is...
About last night...
Sorry?
About what Mr. Han
and I were talking about.
How much did you hear?
No, actually.
I didn't hear anything.
Right? You didn't hear anything, right?
Right.
Don't worry. I didn't.
But...
you've met Mr. Han before, right?
I was in a car accident nearby.
Hey.
What?
-What's your name?
-I want your manager.
Her name is Kang Hye-su.
-She's a new hire.
-Wait.
Wait. How may I help you?
Who's the boss here?
That would be me.
-What brings you here?
-Kang Hye-su...
Here she comes.
Hey, lady.
You should've told us that you got a job.
Let's talk outside.
Why are you acting friendly?
-Oh my gosh.
-Hey.
Are you okay?
-I'm fine.
-Let's talk a little.
She works here, right?
She owes us...
-Let's talk outside. Please.
-Get away!
-You jerk.
-What is this jerk...
What are you doing?
Are you okay?
Hey.
-Are you crazy?
-Please.
-Please...
-Do you like her?
Answer me, lady.
Did you get yourself a man?
I said to sell your body
to pay off your debt.
You were wasting your energy.
Seung-ju!
Are you crazy?
What are you doing?
Get back to work. The food is burning.
Oh my! The compensation guy!
It's been a while.
-Please leave--
-Let go!
Are you here to eat?
Let's talk outside.
What?
This woman borrowed money
but won't pay it back.
Okay?
What should I do?
I want money, not flowers.
That punk.
That's enough.
Fine. Let go.
He's tough.
I'm sorry. Please let go.
I'm sorry.
Give it to me. I'll do it.
Why didn't you say my cousin put you
in this huge debt?
What's the point?
You should've asked for help instead of
-trying to solve it on your own.
-Help with what?
Your face is a mess.
Why did you get involved in the fight?
I'm taking care of it. Don't worry.
Thanks for caring,
but I can handle it.
Don't tell your aunt.
And don't tell her you saw me.
Excuse me.
I'm sorry for causing trouble.
I'll resign as of today.
I'll pay for any damages.
I'm truly sorry.
Excuse me.
Here.
I thought I should return this.
You seem mistaken
about that car accident,
but I have no reason to accept
this compensation.
Well then.
Goodbye.
I don't think you're in any position
to return this.
It's okay.
This is this,
and my problem is my problem.
Goodbye, then.
Kim Mi-jeong?
Yes.
Please have a seat.
Well...
Excuse me, but how old...
How old are you?
I'm 46 years old.
I do hear
that I look young
for my age all the time.
So if people see us together...
Excuse me.
What?
Why do you keep calling?
I'll kill you.
She doesn't look young for her age.
Would the hospital believe
that we've been dating for a while?
You're right.
We really can't trust those brokers.
He said she was perfect.
Call the others.
-See you tomorrow.
-Okay.
Okay, I'll see you tomorrow.
This deposit is hardly anything.
Why do you want me to pull it out?
Are you that desperate for cash?
Thank you.
I need to at least pay the interest first.
You poor thing.
Do you have a place to go?
Don't worry.
Where's Eun-seong?
She's been playing at my place.
Eun-seong, your mom's here.
What's this?
Where did she go?
-She isn't there?
-No.
Eun-seong.
Eun-seong?
Congratulations on your new job, Mom.
How did it go?
Was everyone shocked by your food?
Of course.
Congratulations.
Blow out the candle.
Let's do it together.
Okay. One, two, three.
I'll take this out.
All done.
-Eun-seong.
-You first.
Me first?
It's yummy.
Thank you.
You cute little thing.
Marry me.
I'll marry you.
Ji-hun.
Is the director
single-handedly bringing up the sales?
-What are you doing here?
-Na-yoon.
I didn't get to formally
introduce you last time.
This is my brother, Ji-hun.
Nice to meet you.
Hello.
Do you want to go upstairs?
Punk. Why are you so nervous?
She's that pretty, isn't she?
Bring out a bottle of wine.
I'm going to wash my hands.
It's been a while.
It has.
It's nice to see you like this
in this odd situation.
Did you quit music?
When?
What music?
I was just immature.
Your dad was so picky,
yet he's okay with you
being the second marriage?
What does your family gain?
My father doesn't say anything,
so I know nothing.
You have no right to say that.
How could you say that?
You said you were an orphan
without a home or family.
You're the one who left first too.
It isn't my fault we met like this.
The restaurant is so empty,
don't you think?
Where are the customers?
At this hour?
We're turning people away at the door.
-Don't worry.
-Punk. You never let me win once.
That's right.
Na-yoon has a performance this weekend.
Bring someone if you can.
Sure.
Why won't you get married?
I'm sure plenty of women are after you.
There's a limit to partying
with random girls.
It's time to settle down.
Yes.
I'll consider it.
Na-yoon, he and I may have
different mothers,
but I adore him like a lot.
Were you 12 when you first came?
That first day he came,
he cried all day
in the corner of his room.
I felt so sorry for him.
He's all grown up now.
I never said this before,
but do you know how hard
it was for Mother because of you?
You'd run away and disappear.
When we sent him abroad to study,
he got into music
and just partied with girls.
Why are you bringing up the past?
-I'm fine.
-But you like wine...
Don't all beautiful women like wine?
She doesn't look like she'd drink
soju or makgeolli.
Don't you agree?
You're so random.
Hello? How's my mother?
She's struggling.
Her blood pressure keeps dropping.
She just barely fell asleep.
I see.
I'll stop by next morning.
Okay.
RÉSUMÉ, KANG HYE-SU
Who are you?
Does Kang Hye-su live here?
Why are you looking for her?
What is it?
I don't know what it is,
but they moved.
They moved a long time ago,
so don't come back.
They moved already?
Get lost!
Must you torture someone
who works so hard to raise a child?
Why is a young man doing
something like that?
Because of your heinous actions,
you're going to be punished.
I said leave!
I told you, she moved! You jerk.
Gosh.
We'll move in a bit.
Let's eat first.
-Hye-su, eat with us.
-Okay.
HIRING, CLUB DIAMOND
GUARANTEED TEN MILLION WON
MAKE EASY MONEY
Gosh.
Why are you...
Can we go somewhere to talk?
What is it?
I still have work to do.
Let's go.
I don't have time to kill here.
Wait.
Excuse me.
This place is a bit...
I just needed somewhere quiet to talk.
Don't be lame and follow me.
I don't have time,
so I'll just cut to the chase.
That offer you made me...
When you said you'd marry me...
Does that still stand?
Pardon?
Let me organize the facts.
My mom has cirrhosis
and desperately needs a liver transplant.
I can't do that
because my blood type doesn't match.
I must find a match within the family,
so I need a woman to marry on paper.
You overheard that much, right?
Yes.
It won't be easy.
It's illegal and dangerous.
You might end up in jail.
Can you do it?
What?
Your mother must be
in extreme peril for you to--
That's none of your concern.
Stay out of it.
How much do you want?
How much debt do you have?
A hundred million won?
Two hundred million won?
Fine.
You must be embarrassed to say,
so we can negotiate that later.
First,
you need to get tested
to see if you're a match.
You can do it now, right?
No.
I need to think it over.
What? The amount?
No, not that.
It's all so sudden.
You made the offer first.
I did.
I did offer,
but I need time to think it over.
Time to think it over?
Sorry.
I don't have that time.
If you're doing this
to ask for more money,
I'll give it to you. Just say the amount.
Listen.
It's true that I need money,
but that's not why I need the time.
I have a child.
Let's be honest.
If it's about your child,
you really should do it.
I understand you're in a rush
because of your mother,
but I don't like how you speak.
Aren't you in a rush to get the money?
Was it Club Diamond?
"Guaranteed ten million won."
Weren't you looking at that?
This can't be worse than that.
-Excuse me.
-This may be
your one chance to escape
from this wretched life.
"Wretched"?
Did you say "wretched"?
If you had to use a loan shark,
haven't you hit rock bottom?
You're thinking of working at a bar.
Why hesitate?
What about you?
How can you trust someone
who has hit rock bottom?
I can tell.
You took over your late husband's debt
because you live like that.
There's a thin line
between being naive and being foolish.
Don't talk
about another person's life like that.
Rock bottom
is what they call people like you!
I won't do this.
I've changed my mind, so look elsewhere.
There are plenty of other people
who have hit rock bottom besides me.
I'm busy, so I must get going.
Hye-su.
Let go.
Ji-hun.
Please take them.
Who is she?
You shouldn't come to the hotel
during business hours.
Do you only pretend to work
in front of Dad?
I thought you got your act together.
Was that an act?
-Thank you.
You took over your late husband's debt
because you live like that.
There's a thin line
between being naive and being foolish.
Ring me up, please.
Okay.
What time is it?
Did you work all night?
Sleep more.
Sleep. Sorry.
You're working too hard.
-Hye-su.
-Yes?
When you come in,
can you close the door lightly?
Sorry, Ju-yeon.
You can't sleep because of me.
Don't say things like that.
Gosh, I've been having insomnia lately.
I'm going to sleep.
-Sorry.
-Get some sleep too.
Good night.
I did good.
I did the right thing.
Right?
The right thing? Who am I kidding?
I'm making my daughter live like this.
Mom.
Are you awake?
Give me a kiss.
Sleep.
Hello.
I'll be right in.
Mr. Han!
Ji-hun.
How did it go yesterday?
Did it go well?
What?
She won't do it?
Hye-su won't do it?
Why not? Why?
True, it isn't easy to sell
your liver for money!
She's a mom too.
Why don't you grab a megaphone
and announce it to the world?
His temper is uncontrollable.
You're lucky I'm so patient.
That punk.
It's so cold.
Have you eaten?
This is more like it.
I got the money.
I'm so very happy.
You'll pay me every month, right?
Right?
Fine.
So don't come to my workplace again.
If you show up again,
I won't forgive you either!
Why are you getting angry?
Fine. You scared me.
Later.
Hey, lady!
Be careful walking home. It's dark.
And clean the store nice and well.
Good girl!
HIRING A COOK
Eat up.
That looks good.
Aren't you going to work?
I'm taking the day off.
Good thinking.
Even if you're strapped for cash,
you need to think of your health.
You're not made of steel.
You'll die that way.
A chef's food is definitely
on another level.
This is waking me right up.
Live here forever.
-Ju-yeon.
-Yes?
Let's take just one sip each.
Why do you suddenly want to drink?
You can't even drink.
Let's drink.
Ju-yeon.
I really wanted to make Eun-seong happy.
I wanted to repay the debt
and open a pretty restaurant
and live happily with Eun-seong.
That was my dream.
Am I asking for a lot?
You can still do it.
Why not?
You're right.
I can still do it.
What's wrong?
Did those men come back?
Although you withdrew your deposit
and paid them interest?
I've been wanting to take just one sip
since yesterday.
I'm going to have just one sip.
I've wanted to rebel since yesterday.
Against who?
Hey!
You got a defective can.
Goodness me.
Drink this.
Hye-su.
Even this little can of beer isn't
on my side.
It's so unfair.
Right?
What's wrong?
Hye-su,
are you drunk already?
What's wrong?
Fine.
I'm taking life head-on.
I won't fall apart.
I'm Eun-seong's mom.
Mom!
Mom.
I just wanted to see you before I went.
Really?
Hopping and hopping!
Hop and hop!
I'll see you later, Mom.
See you later.
Good luck.
Yes.
I came to get a physical check-up.
I just need my employment history, right?
Yes, I can start any time.
Thank you. I'll be there soon.
Thank you.
Excuse me.
You got an MRI
after a car accident last week,
didn't you?
Yes, I did.
You didn't come back to see the results.
Didn't you get the text message?
I've been busy.
Once you're done with your checkup,
you should go meet with the doctor.
Was there something bad?
Do you see this
white area?
Yes.
There is a tumor there.
Do you get migraines or feel nauseous
during your everyday life?
A tumor?
I never felt sick, Doctor.
You may not have symptoms
since it's in its early stages.
When it's this small,
people often don't notice.
You were lucky you found it early
thanks to the car accident.
This little thing is bad?
You should start treatment right away.
Do I need
to get surgery and stuff?
I wish we could remove it with surgery,
but it's located in a dangerous spot.
Let's start with radiation therapy.
Excuse me,
but what if this gets bigger?
If it gets bigger,
would I die?
I should talk to your guardian about how
we should proceed with your treatment.
Bring your guardian next time you come.
No, Doctor.
Will I die, Doctor?
I can't give you an exact percentage
but your chance of survival isn't high.
Mom.
Mom!
KANG HYE-SU
The person you are trying
to reach cannot...
You must have been hungry.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
I came to see my mom.
She works here.
Your mom?
What's her name?
Kang Hye-su.
She's a chef.
She's the best chef here.
-So...
-Yes?
Where's my mom?
Your mom...
Your mom went out with the chef for a bit.
She went grocery shopping.
She'll be late.
I see.
Want more ice cream, Eun-seong?
How do you know my name?
Hold on.
You should just give up.
If she wanted to do it,
why would she ignore your calls?
Did you
upset Hye-su by any chance?
You did, didn't you? You did.
It's obvious.
You.
Why are you here?
I asked first.
Who is she?
Did you come with your mom?
Hey.
-Hey!
-Are you hurt?
Loser.
Why that...
What are you doing?
Okay. Get up.
Her child is so young. How did she
end up with such a big debt?
Bye!
-Bye!
-That poor thing.
My goodness.
That's enough.
Seriously.
HEART NAIL
Eun-seong!
-Mom!
-Come give me a hug.
My baby!
What are you doing out here, Eun-seong?
Why are you outside?
Why are you home so early?
Are you happy I came home early?
Of course, I am.
My mom's home.
I was bored.
You cute thing.
How much did you miss me?
One hundred percent.
I missed you this much.
This much.
Give me a kiss.
My baby.
Do you want some?
I'll give it to you.
Your restaurant is really nice.
You went there alone?
Just a minute!
You weren't coming home,
so I walked little by little
and ended up all the way there.
It's not far at all.
You shouldn't go by yourself.
Do you want to get in trouble?
I'm sorry. I won't do it again.
If you keep doing this,
I'll be too worried to go to work.
Sorry.
But some man knew me.
He said he saw me when I was a baby.
He gave me ice cream too.
He was super cool.
The tall man?
Yes, the tall man.
How does he know me?
Have some more soup.
What are you doing?
I got caught.
Give it to me.
Why are you packing that?
There's a kitten by your restaurant.
I feel bad for it.
I don't think it has a mom.
It's all skinny
and crying because it's hungry.
I want to be its mom.
It loved the sausage I gave it.
It's really pretty.
I wish I could raise it at home.
Mom?
Okay.
Eat first. I'll pack this for you.
Really? I can take it?
Yes.
I'm so excited.
DIRECTOR HAN
Eat.
The person you are trying
to reach cannot answer the phone.
Hey!
-Calm down!
-Let go!
Hey! Calm down!
Calm down.
Hey.
It's not easy finding out her address.
Had I known,
I would've followed that little girl.
Forget it.
Let's give up
and find another woman.
Why...
Why are you...
Maybe it's Hye-su.
-Hello?
-You need to come to the hospital.
Your mother is not doing well.
SEUNGJIN HOSPITAL
Goodness.
She just fell asleep.
She bled a little earlier.
She was looking for you.
Will...
Will I die, Doctor?
Your chance of survival isn't high,
although I can't give you
an exact percentage.
My gosh.
How can you smile?
I hate you.
I hate you even more today.
Can't you help me?
What do you want?
Did you regret
declining the offer?
Yes.
What do I need to do first?
Do we start with the marriage license?
We should draw up the contract first.
How much do you want?
Tell me.
Give me a lot.
Enough to use
until my daughter grows up...
and can survive on her own.
We've been dating for two years.
Don't tell Ji-hun.
Can you come to the hospital?
Your mom called Hye-su to the hospital.
Why is my mom together with that man?
-Did you bring your seal?
-I won't run away.
Have you two really dated for a long time?
Do you love Ji-hun?
Stay at my place for a while.
It won't look good to the others.
This isn't a game.
This is a conspiracy to commit a crime.
Subtitle translation by Blake Lee